README.md, before:


These are examples I've shown in class, and maybe others.

The Rust examples are in folders. Just `cd` into the folder and `cargo run` to test, and look in the `src` folder for the code.

**Be sure to thoroughly read the comments in the source code.** I explain a lot of stuff there.

### Rust

- `rust_vecs/`
	- Creating, passing, returning, iterating, and slicing `Vec`s.
- `rust_structs/`
	- How Rust `struct`s and `impl` work.
- `rust_enums/`
	- An example of `enum`s and `struct`s, and it also shows `match`.

<!--
- `rust_trees/`
	- `Option<Box<...>>` makes it possible to make tree data structures.
-->

### Lexing

- `StringWeirdness.java`
	- Two similar-looking strings, but they have different properties.

<!--
- `lexing_toy/`
	- A very simple lexer for a language composed of just parentheses, identifiers, and base-10 int literals.
	- `cargo run` gives you an interactive prompt to type code, and it shows the tokens for that code.

### ASTs/Parsing

- `ast_math/`
	- Demonstrates a simple mathematical AST that can be displayed and even evaluated.
- `parsing_lisp/`
	- A **recursive-descent** parser that parses a very simplified Lisp dialect.
- `parsing_math/`
	- A **bottom-up** parser that parses mathematical expressions with multiple levels of precedence, a unary operator, and a postfix operator.

-->

Commit message:

rust_match and lexing_toy

README.md, after:


These are examples I've shown in class, and maybe others.

The Rust examples are in folders. Just `cd` into the folder and `cargo run` to test, and look in the `src` folder for the code.

**Be sure to thoroughly read the comments in the source code.** I explain a lot of stuff there.

### Rust

- `rust_vecs/`
	- Creating, passing, returning, iterating, and slicing `Vec`s.
- `rust_structs/`
	- How Rust `struct`s and `impl` work.
- `rust_enums/`
	- An example of `enum`s and `struct`s, and it also shows `match`.
- `rust_match/`
	- Some examples demonstrating `match`, which is like `switch` but better.

<!--
- `rust_trees/`
	- `Option<Box<...>>` makes it possible to make tree data structures.
-->

### Lexing

- `StringWeirdness.java`
	- Two similar-looking strings, but they have different properties.
- `lexing_toy/`
	- A very simple lexer for a language composed of just parentheses, identifiers, and base-10 int literals.
	- `cargo run` gives you an interactive prompt to type code, and it shows the tokens for that code.

<!--

### ASTs/Parsing

- `ast_math/`
	- Demonstrates a simple mathematical AST that can be displayed and even evaluated.
- `parsing_lisp/`
	- A **recursive-descent** parser that parses a very simplified Lisp dialect.
- `parsing_math/`
	- A **bottom-up** parser that parses mathematical expressions with multiple levels of precedence, a unary operator, and a postfix operator.

-->
